Both Caroline and I have been using Canon EOS cameras and equipment for around ten years now. The first camera we shared was an EOS 300 35mm film camera which definitely gave us the bug for taking photographs.  Some of the early photographs taken with this camera are still some of our all time favourites. Maybe this is because as our memories get older the printed record of a moment in time becomes even more valuable.
This camera was soon added to with a digital version, the EOS 350D; some additional lenses were also purchased at this time. This enabled our skills and experience to be further enhanced.  We continued with this camera for a good few years but due to the rapid development of the technology surrounding digital photography the EOS 300 became an ornament on the shelf and the EOS 500D became it’s replacement. Again additional lenses and equipment were added to extend our ability to take pictures in different situations.
As Caroline and I are both from an IT background the use of digital image processing was a natural extension to the skills we were gaining in photography, we have sampled and used many different software packages and workflow systems during the years. This has given us a vast amount of experience in not only managing the photographs that we take but also in repairing and renovating images that friends and family have asked us to reprint for them. 
More recently our attitude to photography has changed as we have realised that if we work hard and dedicate ourselves, we could develop a business providing the enjoyment of photography to others what we ourselves enjoy.
This has resulted in both Caroline and I taking specific photography training in our own preferred areas and purchasing more professional equipment, the latest of which is the EOS 7D camera. As well as this investment lighting equipment, both for in the studio, and mobile locations has been acquired. We have standardised our software on the Adobe suite of programs for photography and now use Lightroom 3.2 and Photoshop CS5. This provides us with the tools to provide a large number of options when providing services. 
We hope that you like what you see on our site and that you will commission us to provide you with images that give you as much pleasure as the images that we take for ourselves.


